hello today we'll be looking at the move
collide overdrive pedal I'll be running
this through a Fender Stratocaster on
the at the moment home on the neck to go
and the amp at the moment is a PVD band
at work for
so this is the true bypass channel
so if you turn the pedal on you get a
lot more warm and with the game low it's
just one and a bit more sustained
this you could also kind of get that
skin sounds that you get from your
fingers and play a kind of foods as well
as you turn the gate off you could do
more things eeeh more sustain and then
you could kind of go to more of the
heavy sets and distortion spectra my
power cords
and a unique characteristic about this
pedal is that it has switch between hall
and room right now sunroom which is
basically normal and as you moved up to
halt the mid-range boost and the gain
actually boosts so it's kind of a boost
nom but then they call it ha because the
by bringing up the mid-range in the gay
and kind of the tone and it becomes big
aha
and when you turn the tone up the
trebles donation increases and it
becomes more solid so you can be
champions
as you can see this pedal very
responsive pink has a variety of
different tone colors and the game can
go up very high and very low for
extortion for an overdrive kind of pedal
so I really recommend this fellow to you
guys and you guys